
Data collection and explanation 
1. Document all steps. Structure your code to keep it cleaned using good practices.
2. Collect the data. Try to do each call, it collects the last updated data.
3. Determine and explain if the data is cleaned. If not, then clean it.
4. Use Data Augmentation, dimensionality reduction and/or other techniques you
need.

API section
5. Create an API that returns a Json with the logic explained. The flask server must be
executed running the src/api/server.py file.

Dashboard: mostrar el funcionamiento de cada modelo por separado y en conjunto
6. Create the Streamlit dashboard.
7. Show different tendencies for each column in your dataset.
9. Choose the target (y) of your data. Which is the best model and hyperparams for the
training? Create a model comparison using, at least, 5 different models with
different hyperparameters.
10. Represent in a dataframe the top 5 models with their hyperparameters for your
data.

TimePieChart
check 'tiempos.txt'

SQL
11. Use your dataframe cleaned to insert its values to a MySQL database. The info of the
database will be in the “sql” channel on Discord. To do that, you will need to create a
Table with the dataframe columns. The name of the table is your entire name using
“_” between words. Example: “pepito_perez_galdos”. It is not allowed to upload more
than 20k rows. If you have other data types, then upload the info of your dataset
with these columns: [“id”, “filename”, “metadata”]. “metadata” column is related to
file data, for example, resolution, filesize, etc

Feedback
12. Answer the questions:
a. Was it possible to demonstrate the hypothesis? Why? (optional)
Si, el modelo de reconocimiento directo de individual predice mucho peor las señales que los otros dos modelos por separado, y a mayores, el modelo de predición combinado predice mejor las señales que cualquiera de los modelos por separado. 

b. What can you conclude about your data study?
El gran problema de este estudio ha sido el uso de los modelos en un entorno real con imágenes tomadas en una situación de conducción real (google maps)

c. What would you change if you needed to do another DS project?
No cambiaría nada, simplemente me gustaría tener un poco más de tiempo para evaluar más mejoras

d. What do you learn doing this project?
aprendí muchísimo sobre gestión del tiempo, y que el aprendizaje de deep learning aprende de una forma que los humanos no entendemos de forma intuitiva.